    wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
    wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = true
wait(0.3)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Jump = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.Sit = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Humanoid.PlatformStand = false
